In the closest alley, in the first doorway,
He pushed up against her and closed his eyes.
He said, "This is probably the worst decision that I've ever made."
She laughed and smiled.
She said, "I'm sure you do this all the time. Right? Right? Right? Right? Right?"
As the morning came and the city woke.
Into the building people all went to work.
As their rides out of town came, they parted ways.
She said, "Do you know when you're coming back again?"
Dig it deeper, deeper, and farther still.
Bury it up and over and into the ground.
All these lies will grow in ways that we never though possible.
If you quiet down, down, down, it's so soft of a sound,
You can hear it all coming back after you.
If you quiet down, down, down,
It's so soft of a sound, (soft soft soft soft soft)
You can hear it all coming back after you.
If you quiet down, down, down,
It's so soft of a sound, (soft soft)
You can hear it all coming back after you.
You. You. Whoa!!
Sleep on pillows made in Singapore.
Wrapped in comforters, sweating through sheets.
Drink your coffee in the morning, flown in on airplanes across vast seas.
And your house is made of wood, central air, central heat.
You've got your furniture of particle board.
Your doors are locked for, for safety.
And you walk in leather shoes, pants of denim, a black cotton sweatshirt.
And you do what you do because doing can start to form a habit.
And you drink all night long. And you sleep through the morning.
And if something doesn't break. I'm just gonna go, go fucking insane.
Away.
And you sweep/mop the floor when it's dirty.
You do the dishes when the sink's full.
And when the refrigerator's empty,
Well it's time, it's time, it's time, it's time to go to the store.
You put your books on a shelf. Clothes arranged in the closet.
You hang the things on the walls that you don't want to be so easily forgotten.
I hate these songs. I hate the words that the singer is singing to me.
I hate this melody. I hate this stupid fucking drum beat.
But, I'm not gonna tell anyone what I'm really thinking about.
Keep them conversations on the surface.
Just keep on smiling, just keep on saying everything's gonna be alright.
It's gonna be alright
It's gonna be alright
Alright
Alright
Alright
Alright